_Last Updated: September 10, 2017_

These Terms of Service ("Terms") are an agreement between you, a user
("Participant") of the Gratipay service (the "Service"), and Gratipay, LLC
("Gratipay"). They govern your use of the Service and your relationship with
Gratipay. When you use the Service, you agree to be bound by these Terms.

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us:

> Gratipay, LLC  
> 716 Park Road  
> Ambridge, PA 15003  
> USA  
> legal@gratipay.com

1. Registration, Security, and Privacy

    1. When you register for the Service, you agree to provide Gratipay with
       complete and accurate registration information. You are responsible for
keeping your account information, including your contact and payment
information, up to date. Gratipay takes our Participants' privacy seriously. We
will only use or share your information and Content as described in our
[Privacy Policy](/about/policies/privacy), which is incorporated into these
Terms.

    1. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account
       information, including your authentication credentials. You agree to
notify Gratipay immediately of any actual or suspected loss, theft, or
unauthorized use of your credentials. Gratipay shall not be liable for any loss
or damage arising from your failure to keep your account secure.

    1. You may only use the Service if you are 13 years old or older, and you
       represent to us that you are 13 or older. If you are under the age of
18, your legal guardian must consent to your use and must agree to be bound by
these Terms.

1. General Terms

    1. The Service is a platform to facilitate payments for goods or services.
       The nature and scope of such goods or services (the "Work") is defined
by Projects established on the Service.

    1. A Participant who establishes a Project is also a Project Owner.

    1. Projects may optionally have other Participants as Collaborators. The
       Project Owner is also a Collaborator.

    1. A Participant may make payments to a Project Owner via a Project. A
       Participant who makes payments via a Project is a Giver.

    1. Payments made through the form on the homepage are non-tax-deductible
       donations to Gratipay.

1. Terms for Project Owners

    1. A Project Owner can use the Service to receive payments from Givers for
       Work provided by the Project's Collaborators. When you establish a
Project on the Service, you agree that payments via the Project will be used
exclusively to support the Work described in the Project's profile.

    1. Project Owners may only make payments to Collaborators for their
       collaboration in the Project's Work.

    1. Gratipay is not a party to any agreement between Project Owners and
       Givers, and is not responsible to either the Project Owner or the Giver
if either party breaches the terms of any such agreement (e.g. if the Project
Owner fails to provide the promised goods or services).

    1. Establishing a Project on Gratipay involves an application and approval
       process. As part of this process, the Gratipay community will have the
opportunity to publicly evaluate and provide commentary about the Project.
However, all decisions regarding whether to accept, reject, suspend, remove, or
take any other action regarding a Project belong solely to Gratipay.

    1. Gratipay reserves the right to reject, suspend, or remove a Project at
       any time, and for any reason.

1. Terms for Collaborators

    1. Project Owners can use the Service to distribute payments to
       Collaborators.

    1. Collaborators may only receive payments from Project Owners for their
       collaboration in the Project's Work.

    1. Gratipay is not a party to any agreement between Project Owners and
       Collaborators, and is not responsible to either the Project Owner or the
Collaborator if either party breaches the terms of any such agreement (e.g. if
the Collaborator fails to provide the promised goods or services).

    1. Gratipay does not determine how payments are allocated and is not
       responsible for how Project Owners distribute payments. Any agreement
between the Project's Owner and other Collaborators regarding the allocation of
payments is solely between those parties.

1. Terms for Givers

    1. Givers may only make payments to Project Owners for the Project's Work.

    1. You understand and acknowledge that your payment does not entitle you
       personally to receive any goods or services from the Project Owner,
unless the Project Owner explicitly offers those things to Givers.

    1. Project Owners are the only party responsible to Givers for producing
       the Work their Project describes. Gratipay does not warrant or guarantee
that Project Owners will provide the Work they promise, and Gratipay is not
obligated to provide refunds to Givers or produce work under any circumstance.

1. Fees and Taxes

    1. Gratipay does not take any fee from payments made by Givers to Project
       Owners, or by Project Owners to Collaborators. Gratipay and the Service
are funded through the Service itself, by voluntary payments from Givers who
wish to fund our own Work. To contribute to Gratipay, please visit Gratipay's
[Project page for the Service](/Gratipay/).

    1. You are responsible for paying any third-party fees associated with your
       use of the Service, such as credit card and bank fees.

    1. You are responsible for paying any taxes and withholdings associated
       with your use of the Service. In particular, Project Owners, and not
Gratipay, are responsible for compliance with all laws, as well as any taxes
and withholding requirements, applicable to payments made to Collaborators
(whether through the Service or otherwise), including without limitation
payroll tax, unemployment insurance, and worker compensation insurance
payments. Project Owners are also responsible for providing any required tax
and other documentation to employees, independent contractors, tax authorities,
or any other person.

1. Content Accessible on the Service

    1. With the exception of content provided by Participants of the Service,
       the contents of Gratipay.com&mdash;including all text, images, data,
software, and audio&mdash;are dedicated to the public domain according to the
terms of the <a href="http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/">CC0
1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication</a>.

    1. All content accessible through the Service is the sole responsibility of
       the person who provides it, and Gratipay is not responsible for content
provided by any Participant or third party. We do not represent or warrant the
truthfulness, reliability, or accuracy of any content, or that the content does
not infringe the rights of third parties. Gratipay shall not be responsible for
any loss or damage arising out of your access to, use of, or reliance on the
content.

    1. Gratipay reserves the right to remove content for any reason, including
       that it violates our Acceptable Use Policy. The Service may allow
Participants to flag or report graphic, abusive, or otherwise objectionable
content, and Gratipay may disable or filter access to flagged or reported
content. However, Gratipay has no obligation to monitor, filter, or disable
access to any content, and shall not be responsible if you encounter
objectionable content by using the Service.

    1. The Service, including Participant and Project profiles, may contain
       links to other websites. When you access third-party websites linked to
from the Service, you do so at your own risk. Gratipay does not review,
control, or endorse those sites.

1. License to Your Content

    1. You retain your rights to any content you provide through the Service.
       When you provide content through the Service, you grant to Gratipay a
non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, license (including the right
to sublicense) to use, host, store, cache, reproduce, publish, display,
perform, distribute, transmit, adapt, and modify the content, in all media now
known or later developed.

    1. This license permits Gratipay to operate, promote, and improve the
       Service, and to develop new Service. It also permits Gratipay to
provide, publish, or syndicate the content to third parties, for example by
providing for the embedding of content on other services.

    1. You represent and warrant that you have all necessary rights and
       authority to grant this license to Gratipay. With regard to any
third-party content that you submit, you represent and warrant that you have a
license to provide the content according to these Terms, or that your use is
otherwise permissible, for example as fair use.

1. Acceptable Use Policy

    1. The following conduct is prohibited on the Service:

        1. Illegal activities, including the promotion or solicitation of
           illegal acts.

        1. Malicious activity or content, such as the transmission of viruses,
           malware, or any other malicious or destructive code, or content or
activity intended to harm or disrupt the hardware, networks, or infrastructure
of Gratipay or any third parties.

        1. Unauthorized access, including: accessing or attempting to access
           any non-public interface, system, or functionality of the Service,
or testing the Service for vulnerabilities, except as described in our
[security disclosure policy](/about/security/).

        1. Abuse, including threats of violence or harassment of a Participant
           through repeated unwanted contact.

        1. Posting anyone's personal or confidential information, such as
           social security numbers, credit card numbers, street addresses,
phone numbers, confidential ID numbers, or account passwords, without their
permission.

        1. Aggressive trolling or activism.

        1. Account hijacking, including any access to or use of another
           Participant's account without their permission.

        1. Child exploitation, including any content or activity that exploits
           or abuses children.

        1. Spam, including posting unsolicited promotional or commercial
           content in comments, sending invitations for the purpose of
advertising to the recipients, or posting content or links for the purpose of
manipulating search or other algorithms.

        1. Intellectual property infringement, including the infringing use of
           third party trademarks or the unauthorized and unlawful posting of
copyrighted content. We respond to reports of copyright infringement as
described in the Copyright Policy.

        1. Fraud or impersonation, including any use of the Service to
           impersonate or deceive others. Contests or promotions that violate
any applicable law or regulation, or that suggest in any way that Gratipay is
involved in or responsible for the activity.

1. Gratipay's Service Providers

    1. Gratipay uses Braintree, a division of PayPal, Inc. ("Braintree") for
       payment processing services. By using the Braintree payment processing
services you agree to the [Braintree Payment Services
Agreement](https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/payment-services-agreement),
and the applicable [bank
agreement](https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/bank-agreement-us).

1. Nonprofits and Charities using Gratipay

    1. If you are a nonprofit organization, soliciting payments on Gratipay may
       subject you to local laws regarding charitable solicitations, including
various registration, reporting, and audit requirements. You are solely
responsible for compliance with these and any other applicable law or
regulation.

    1. Gratipay makes no representation or warranty regarding the tax-exempt
       status of any Project Owner, or the tax-deductible status of any payment
made via the Service.

1. Copyright Policy

    1. Gratipay responds to reports of copyright infringement according to the
       notice-and-takedown procedure provided by the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act ("DMCA"). You can contact our designated agent for copyright
infringement notifications and counter-notifications at: Copyright Agent,
Gratipay, LLC, 716 Park Road, Ambridge, PA 15003, USA, legal@gratipay.com.

    1. Reporting Instances of Copyright Infringement

        1. If you believe that any content on the Service infringes your
           copyright, please send us a notice containing the following
information: a) identification of the work or material being infringed; b)
identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing, including its
location, with sufficient detail so that Gratipay is capable of finding it and
verifying its existence; c) your contact information, including name, address,
telephone number, and email address; d) a statement that you have a good faith
belief that the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent,
or the law; e) a statement made under penalty of perjury that the information
provided in the notice is accurate and that you are authorized to make the
complaint on behalf of the copyright owner; f) a physical or electronic
signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright
that has been allegedly infringed.

        1. Infringement notices are not confidential. Gratipay may provide the
           information contained in a notice to the Participant who posted the
allegedly infringing content, or to other parties.

    1. Submitting a DMCA Counter-Notification

        1. If you believe that content you posted was wrongfully removed or
           disabled as a result of a copyright infringement notice, you may
notify Gratipay by providing the following information: a) the specific
location of the material that Gratipay has removed or disabled access to; b)
your name, address, telephone number, and email address; c) a statement that
you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial
district in which your address is located (or the federal district courts
located in the Western District of Pennsylvania if your address is outside of
the United States), and that you will accept service of process from the person
who provided the original notification of infringement (or an agent of that
person); this statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good
faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake
or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled"; and your
signature.

    1. Removal and Termination for Infringement: Gratipay will terminate, under
       appropriate circumstances, the accounts of Participants who repeatedly
use the Service to infringe copyrights. Gratipay also reserves the right, in
its sole discretion, to remove allegedly or apparently infringing content
without notice to you.

1. Service Changes and Limitations

    1. Gratipay may change the Service at any time, without notice to you.
       Gratipay may also stop providing one or more services or features,
introduce new limits on use of the Service, or change the terms upon which the
Service is available.

1. Termination

    1. You may terminate this agreement at any time by closing your account
       through the Service or sending us a notice of cancellation at
legal@gratipay.com and ceasing all use of the Service.

    1. Gratipay may suspend or terminate your access to the Service at any time
       and for any reason, including for violations of these Terms. We will
make reasonable efforts to notify you if we suspend or terminate your account.

    1. Upon termination of your account, Gratipay shall make reasonable efforts
       to remove your content from the Service, except where doing so would
adversely affect the experience of other Participants, and to cease all use of
your content. However, you acknowledge and agree that: (a) removed content may
persist in caches or backups for a reasonable period of time and (b) copies of
or references to your content may not be entirely removed, for example because
it has been copied or referenced by other Participants.

    1. In the event of termination, sections 5, 14, 15, 16, and 17 of these
       Terms shall remain in effect, as will any terms that by their nature
extend beyond termination.

1. Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitations of Remedies

    1. Gratipay makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect
       to the Service, including any representation or warranty that the use of
the Service will (a) be timely, uninterrupted or error-free or operate in
combination with any other hardware, software, system, or data, (b) meet your
requirements or expectations, (c) be free from errors or that defects will be
corrected, or (d) be free of viruses or other harmful components.  Gratipay
also makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to any
content.  No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from
Gratipay or through the Service, will create any warranty not expressly made
herein.

    1. Your access to and use of the Service or any content is at your own
       risk.  YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED TO YOU ON
AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, TO THE
FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, GRATIPAY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT.

1. Limitation of Liability

    1. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GRATIPAY SHALL NOT BE
       LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE
DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOOD-WILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES,
RESULTING FROM (i) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE
SERVICE; (ii) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF
OTHER PARTICIPANTS OR THIRD PARTIES; (iii) ANY CONTENT OBTAINED FROM THE
SERVICE; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS
OR CONTENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF GRATIPAY OR ITS
AFFILIATES EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00) OR THE
AMOUNT YOU PAID GRATIPAY, IF ANY, IN THE PAST SIX MONTHS FOR THE SERVICE GIVING
RISE TO THE CLAIM.

1. Indemnification

    1. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Gratipay and its
       officers, directors, employees, contractors and agents from and against
any and all claims, causes of action, damages, obligations, losses,
liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including attorneys' fees and costs)
and all amounts paid in settlement arising from or relating to use of the
Service, breach of these Terms or violation of any laws. Gratipay may assume
the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you have agreed to
indemnify Gratipay and you agree to assist and cooperate with Gratipay in the
defense or settlement of any such matters.

1. Miscellaneous Terms

    1. Assignment: You may not assign your rights and obligations under these
       Terms to any other person. In the event of a merger, sale, or
acquisition of substantially all of Gratipay's assets, Gratipay may assign its
rights and obligations under these Terms to its successor except with
Gratipay's express written agreement.

    1. Modifications to this Agreement: Gratipay may occasionally revise these
       Terms. You can find the most recent version at
http://gratipay.com/about/terms/. If we determine, in our sole discretion, that
a change to these Terms is material, we will notify you of the change through
the Service or by emailing you at the address associated with your account. By
using the Service after a new version of these Terms becomes effective, you
thereby agree to be bound by the revised Terms.

    1. Choice of Law: These Terms and the relationship between you and Gratipay
       shall be governed by the laws of the State of Pennsylvania without
regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any and all claims, causes of action,
or disputes (regardless of theory) arising out of or relating to the Service,
shall be brought exclusively in the courts located in Beaver County,
Pennsylvania, or the U.S. District Court for the Western District of
Pennsylvania. You consent and waive any objection to the jurisdiction of and
venue in these courts.

    1. Authority to Enter Into Agreement: You represent and warrant that you
       have the legal authority to enter into this agreement and that the
performance of obligations under this agreement will not violate any agreement
between you and any other person, firm, or organization. If you are entering
this agreement on behalf of another person or entity, you represent and warrant
that you are authorized to do so.

    1. Export Controls: You hereby represent and warrant that (i) you are not
       located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or
that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting"
country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited
or restricted parties.

    1. Waiver and Severability: Failure by Gratipay to enforce any right or
       provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or
provision. In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid
or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the
minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will
remain in full force and effect.

    1. Entire Agreement: These Terms and our [Privacy
       Policy](/about/policies/privacy) together form the entire and exclusive
agreement between you and Gratipay regarding the Service (excluding any service
for which you have a separate agreement with Gratipay that is explicitly in
addition to or in place of these Terms), and these Terms supersede and replace
any prior agreements between you and Gratipay regarding the Service. There
shall be no third-party beneficiaries to the Terms.
